Added support for guest counts (#135)
MewsSystems/gitbook-channel-manager-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

## 28 April 2022 12:00 UTC

> * [Reservation](../mews-operations/reservations.md#reservation) extended in [Process Group](../mews-operations/reservations.md#process-group). The `guestCounts` is now supported. Both `adultCount` and `childCount` is now deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Reservation](../mews-operations/reservations.md#reservation) API call [Process Group](../mews-operations/reservations.md#process-group) extended. Age based pricing via `guestCounts` is now supported. Both `adultCount` and `childCount` is now deprecated.
```
